News

Leaderboard

Submissions

Explore C4

Audits

Bounties

Reports

Support

Resources

Docs

Terms

Privacy

saraswati
Submissions
Lambo.win
/
F-159
Low
Primary
S-491
Lack of incentive for users to rebalance positions
m4k2
33
Sufficient
383d ago

The rebalance() function in LamboRebalanceOnUniwap.sol allows anyone to call it and rebalance the Uniswap V3 position between WETH and vETH. However, there is no incentive mechanism in place to encourage users to actually perform this rebalancing.

The function takes a flash loan from Morpho equal to amountIn, performs the specified swap (either buying vETH with WETH or selling vETH for WETH depending on directionMask), and then checks that the balance of WETH in the contract has increased, signifying a profit was made.

However, since the caller of rebalance() does not receive any of this profit, there is little reason for them to spend the gas to execute this function in the first place. The profit stays in the contract and can only be claimed by the owner via extractProfit().

Without a proper incentive, it's unlikely that users will altruistically perform this rebalancing just to keep vETH close to its peg. The result is that rebalancing may not happen in a timely manner when needed.

The protocol can set a bot themself to rebalance the position, but this is not a sustainable solution for an on-chain protocol.

Impact

vETH could deviate significantly from its WETH peg because rebalancing is not being triggered when it should be.

Proof of Concept
vETH loses its peg and needs to be rebalanced by selling vETH for WETH on Uniswap.
No user bothers to call rebalance() because they have no incentive to do so.
vETH continues to drift further from peg.
Tools Used

Manual review

Recommended Mitigation Steps

Implement an incentive mechanism where the caller of rebalance() receives a small cut of the profits made from the rebalancing trade. This could be done by transferring a percentage of profit to msg.sender before the "No profit made" require statement.

This incentive model is similar to how liquidations work in lending protocols - the liquidator puts up capital to liquidate an undercollateralized position and in return they get to keep a small percentage of the liquidated collateral as a reward. Applying the same concept here would make rebalancing sustainable and decentralized.

Links to affected code
LamboRebalanceOnUniwap.sol#L62-L69
Opens in a new window
Submissions touching same files
LamboRebalanceOnUniwap.sol
Timeline
Submitted
Created: 532d ago
Medium
Triage
Medium
Invalid
Insufficient
Primary
Review
Judging
Low
Valid
Sufficient
Post-judging QA
Complete
Reporting
Complete