News

Leaderboard

Submissions

Explore C4

Audits

Bounties

Reports

Support

Resources

Docs

Terms

Privacy

saraswati
Submissions
Concrete
/
F-90
Low
Primary
S-184
Borrow flow vault selection algorithm leads to inefficent use of liquidity and unfair distribution of risk between LPs
muellerberndt
00
Sufficient
383d ago
Finding description and impact

While repays are distributed proportionally between protection strategies based on the borrow debt, individual borrow requests are served from a single vault. Prioritization is, to some degree, based on the order the vaults are listed. This leads to an uneven distribution of risk and rewards between LPs of different vaults, as well as an inefficient use of liquidity.

In the borrow flow (function requestToken()), the ClaimRouter searches for a vault that holds a sufficient amount of the desired token as its base asset. The selected vault needs to have a protection strategy. The yield generated by the protection strategy is also considered (see also the decision chart in the docs). This causes the following negative effects:

Capital is used inefficiently. Once some percentage of the total available tokens have been borrowed, further borrow requests cannot be fulfilled unless a single vault can fulfill the request, even though sufficient total tokens may be available.

Risk will always be distributed unevenly between vaults, with the LPs of some vaults assuming higher risk simply because their vaults were listed earlier in the VaultRegistry.

Taking info consideration how rewards are distributed in _addTokensToStrategy(), reward distribution can turn out extremely unfair.

Proof of Concept

No proof of concept as this is an economic issue.

Recommended mitigation steps

The system should ensure that risk and rewards are distributed fairly between LPs. Revise the algorithm such that individual borrow requests are served from multiple vaults based on the available tokens, accumulated interest, and existing debt, with the goal of optimizing the risk distribution.

Links to affected code
ClaimRouter.sol#L126-L226
Opens in a new window
Submissions touching same files
ClaimRouter.sol
View full submission
Comments for the judge
3
You are viewing comments for the primary submission, S-184.
0xnev-validator-comment-S-184
Edited: Feb 22
0xnev

This looks like design decision. Technically, the assets are not lost since there are withdrawal queues in place until the borrowed assets from trusted blue print users are repaid. Leaving open for sponsor + judge review

Downgrading
Edited: Feb 22
Picodes

Downgrading to QA as this is a design criticism more than a security issue.

Dispute Logic
Edited: Feb 22
rdturner

This functionality is by design for V1. We traded capital efficiency for operational simplicity in the first iteration.

Duplicates
2
S-637
Withdrawals will be bricked if `executeBorrowClaim` is called
trachev
56
S-312
Blueprint borrows have priority over client's withdrawals which leads to less yield and fees
OpaBatyo
00
Timeline
Submitted
Created: 547d ago
Medium
Triage
Medium
Valid
Primary
Sufficient
Review
Disputed
Judging
Low
Valid
Sufficient
Post-judging QA
Complete
Reporting
Complete