News

Leaderboard

Submissions

Explore C4

Audits

Bounties

Reports

Support

Resources

Docs

Terms

Privacy

saraswati
Submissions
Chainlink
/
F-49
Low
Primary
S-457
Nonce Reordering may happen during L1 Block Re-orgs and lead to out-of-order message execution
joaovwfreire
34
Sufficient
383d ago
Description

In the OnRamp contract, the nonce is incremented whenever a message is sent that must not be executed out of order. However, in the event of an L1 block reorganization (re-org), messages sent in one block might be included in a different order in the final chain. This disrupts the intended execution order enforced by nonces, potentially leading to the execution of transactions out of order.

Impact

It can lead to incorrect execution of cross-chain messages. For instance, if a user sends multiple sequential messages that are intended to be executed in a specific order, a block re-org can cause these messages to be processed out of sequence. This can lead to various issues, including failures in contract logic, incorrect state changes, and potential loss of funds or other assets.

Proof of Concept

Consider the scenario where Bob sends three sequential messages (message 1, message 2, and message 3) that must be executed in order. Each message has a nonce to enforce this order.

Bob sends message 1 (nonce = 1).
Bob sends message 2 (nonce = 2).
Bob sends message 3 (nonce = 3).

During normal execution, these messages would be processed in the order they were sent. However, if an L1 block re-org occurs, the messages might be included in the blockchain in a different order. For example, the block containing message 2 might be included before the block containing message 1, followed by the block containing message 3. This results in the following execution order:

Message 2 (nonce = 1)
Message 1 (nonce = 2)
Message 3 (nonce = 3)

This disrupts the intended execution order and can lead to failures in contract logic.

Tools Used

Manual review

Recommended Mitigation Steps

To mitigate this issue, ensure that a user can only send another nonce-bound message when their previous message has reached a state of block finality. By waiting for the previous message to achieve block finality, the probability of a block re-org affecting the order of messages becomes negligible. This can be implemented by adding checks to ensure that the previous message has been finalized before allowing the user to send the next message.

Implement a mechanism to track the finality of each message, such as a minimum waiting period.
Ensure that the user cannot send a new nonce-bound message until their previous message has been finalized.
Optionally, introduce a delay or a confirmation period before allowing the next message to be sent to account for block re-orgs.
// Pseudocode for ensuring message finality before sending the next message
require(isMessageFinalized(user, previousNonce), "Previous message not yet finalized");
sequenceNumber = ++destChainConfig.sequenceNumber;

By implementing these steps, you can ensure that nonce ordering is honoured even in the case of L1 block re-orgs, maintaining the integrity and reliability of cross-chain message execution.

Links to affected code
OnRamp.sol#L235
Opens in a new window
Submissions touching same files
OnRamp.sol
View full submission
Comments for the judge
3
You are viewing comments for the primary submission, S-457.
Severity
Edited: Feb 22
joaovwfreire
OP

Hi guys, I respectfully disagree with the categorization of this issue as low severity.

Using the Likelihood x Impact matrix, the low likelihood of occurrence combined with the high potential impact (loss of funds) suggests medium severity.

Per C4’s guidelines, medium severity includes scenarios where protocol function or availability could be impacted, even without direct asset risk. This submission highlights a case in which the protocol function is not only impacted but also leads to damage to users.

Nonce reordering due to re-orgs directly fits this definition. This vulnerability compromises message execution order.

Similar issues have been ruled as medium severity in past contests, including:

ZetaChain submission #542, which highlights how block reorgs can disrupt functionality, showing that such issues are often treated as more than low severity.
Superposition submission #62, where reorgs led to asset loss or funds being locked, demonstrating that these scenarios are consistently assigned medium severity.
Optimism submission #24, which focused on reorgs invalidating honest actions and disrupting protocol logic, even without direct financial loss. This further supports medium severity categorization when protocol behavior is affected.

This submission is based on how nonce reordering due to block re-orgs can lead to out-of-order message execution. This disrupts the expected sequence of operations, resulting in incorrect state changes, or loss of funds.

Given these precedents and the impact of this vulnerability, I believe the severity should be adjusted to medium.

LSDan
12/12/2024

This issue requires several external factors and is very unlikely to result in a serious loss of funds. Conditions would have to be exactly right and it's virtually impossible for an attacker to force a reorg at the exact moment a user would lose funds. Judges have discretion in downgrading or upgrading issues based on likelihood. I do not think this scenario is at all likely, making the valid medium a valid low.

joaovwfreire
OP
12/12/2024

I don't see how this scenario is as far-fetched as you're stating.

The scenario involves two conditions: a block reorg (a known occurrence in blockchains) and a user sending two ordered messages. While these events aren’t everyday occurrences, they are realistic within the expected protocol behavior. Furthermore, if an application integrates with the protocol and frequently sends cross-chain ordered messages—particularly if it grows popular—the likelihood of encountering a scenario where two messages are in-flight simultaneously increases significantly.

There are already cross-chain DeFi applications integrating with bridges, and we should expect no different with Chainlink.

cheatc0d3
12/13/2024

I agree with joaovwfreire on this being a medium severity bug. See documentation. Likelihood is higher in some chains. I left a comment in my report explaining the issue as well.

Medium: Assets not at direct risk, but the function of the protocol or its availability could be impacted, or leak value with a hypothetical attack path with stated assumptions, but external requirements.

iamandreiski
12/13/2024

Thank you for your judging efforts. To add to the discussion, in terms of the frequency of blockchain reorgs, some chains, and in this example I will be using Polygon "deep" block re-orgs are a very frequent occurrence (and CCIP supports Polygon and currently has 8 lines to/from Polygon). As it can be seen from here: https://polygonscan.com/blocks_forked, only in the last two weeks they have had reorgs with 10+ blocks deep. From the duplicate of this issue you can also see plausible problems with minSeqNr asides from nonce-reordering, which I also think that would warrant a Medium severity. I would kindly ask you to reconsider, thank you!

LSDan
12/16/2024

Ruling stands.

joaovwfreire
OP
12/17/2024

I’d like to respectfully request further clarification on the severity rating for this submission. The finding at hand describes nonce reordering due to block reorgs—a scenario that undermines a core protocol functionality, namely strict nonce ordering of messages, which the contest materials specifically emphasize as important to the protocol’s integrity.

This functionality is explicitly highlighted as relevant in the contest materials, as indicated in the README.md under “Attack ideas (where to focus for bugs): ... Nonce ordering not honoured ...”.

According to Code4rena’s guidelines, issues that disrupt key protocol operations or cause non-trivial functional problems are typically considered medium severity. We’ve also referred to previous cases with similar reorg and nonce ordering issues where medium severity classifications were granted. However, this submission remains categorized as low, despite realistic conditions (e.g., Polygon’s frequent reorgs) and a direct relevant impact on protocol behavior.

Additionally, we’ve provided further information and parallels to past rulings, yet these seem not to have influenced the assessment. I fully acknowledge that your ruling is final, but I’m struggling to see what key element is missing from our argument. In the spirit of learning and improving my understanding of vulnerability classification, could you please give a more detailed explanation as to why the additional points we raised still don’t justify medium severity?

Thank you for your time and consideration.

Deleted comment
Deleted: 12/12/2024
0xTraub
This comment was deleted.
Deleted comment
Deleted: 12/12/2024
0xTraub
This comment was deleted.
Duplicates
1
S-402
onRamp - offRamp communication can be halted due to sequenceNumber mismatch
EastHats
00
Timeline
Submitted
Created: 546d ago
Medium
Triage
Medium
Valid
Primary
Sufficient
Review
Disputed
Judging
Low
Valid
Sufficient
Post-judging QA
Complete
Reporting
Complete