News

Leaderboard

Submissions

Explore C4

Audits

Bounties

Reports

Support

Resources

Docs

Terms

Privacy

saraswati
Submissions
MANTRA DEX
/
F-87
Low
Primary
S-205
DoS issue when creating a farm with a valid identifier
0xRajkumar
00
Sufficient
383d ago
Finding description and Impact

In our farm manager, we have a fill_farm feature, which is used for creating new farms and expanding existing ones.

When calling fill_farm, the user can pass a farm_identifier to create a new farm. However, if a farm with the given identifier already exists, the function will attempt to expand it. If the user is not the owner of the farm, the operation will revert and return an error.

The implementation now appears correct, but if we examine the create_farm function, we see that the identifier is derived by concatenating 'm-' to the provided identifier to generate the farm_identifier.

Now, let's say a user wants to create a farm with the identifier m-m-raj. They will need to pass m-raj as the farm_identifier in the parameters. However, if a farm with m-raj already exists, they will not be able to create a farm with the identifier m-m-raj.

But reverse works, a user can first create a farm with the identifier m-m-raj by passing m-raj when no farm with m-raj exists. After this, the user can create a farm with the identifier m-raj by passing raj.

Impact

The user will encounter a DoS issue even when the identifier is correct.

Proof of Concept
The user sends a transaction to create a farm with the identifier m-raj because they want to create a farm with the identifier m-m-raj.
The transaction reverts because a farm with the identifier m-raj already exists, causing a DoS issue.
Recommended mitigation steps

The first solution is simple: we can add an additional parameter, create_new_farm as a boolean. The user will pass true when they want to create a new farm and false when they want to expand an existing one.

Links to affected code
commands.rs#L18-L38
Opens in a new window
Submissions touching same files
commands.rs
Comments for the judge
2
You are viewing comments for the primary submission, S-205.
Valid, but not M
Edited: Feb 22
jvr0x

Valid issue. Will consider adding separate actions for create and expand the farm. Probably L as the farm creation is not permanently DoS'd.

Validator's comment during triage
Edited: Feb 22
3docSec

Identifier clash - no core functionality affected, probably L

Timeline
Submitted
Created: 503d ago
Medium
Triage
Medium
Valid
Primary
Sufficient
Review
Disputed
Judging
Low
Valid
Sufficient
Post-judging QA
Complete
Reporting
Complete