News

Leaderboard

Submissions

Explore C4

Audits

Bounties

Reports

Support

Resources

Docs

Terms

Privacy

saraswati
Submissions
Chainlink Payment Abstraction
/
F-36
Low
Primary
S-78
`performUpKeep()` will revert if BNB token swapping fails
Al-Qa-qa
62
Sufficient
383d ago
Finding description and impact

BNB token is one of the tokens that revert on approving to zero value link. And as stated in the README, tokens that revert on zero value approval is In scope. This issue affects all tokens that revert on zero value approval, not only BNB, but we will talk about BNB as it is popular token.

After DONs check which tokens to swap using checkUpKeep() they swap tokens using performUpKeep().

Tokens are swapped using UniswapV3, where they are converted into LINK tokens.

SwapAutomator.sol#L596

>>      IERC20(asset).safeIncreaseAllowance(address(i_uniswapRouter), amountIn);
        // For multiple swaps we don't want to revert the whole transaction if only some of the
        // swaps
        // fail so we catch the revert and continue with the next swap
        try this.swapWithPriceFeedValidation(swapInputs[i], asset, linkPriceFromFeed) returns (uint256 amountOut) {
          s_latestSwapTimestamp[asset] = block.timestamp;
          success = true;
          emit AssetSwapped(swapInputs[i].recipient, asset, amountIn, amountOut);
        } catch {
>>        IERC20(asset).safeDecreaseAllowance(address(i_uniswapRouter), amountIn);

          // Transfer failed swap amount back to the FeeAggregator
          IERC20(asset).safeTransfer(address(feeAggregator), amountIn);

          emit AssetSwapFailure(asset, swapInputs[i]);
        }

If the swap fails, we simply decrease the allowance and transfer tokens back to the aggregator, but decreasing allowance here will make the protocol approve to zero value which will revert for BNB as it revert on zero value approvals.

Using safeDecreaseAllowance will not handle approving to zero, safe methods from OpenZepplin handles missing returned values, and Race condition approval issue only, approving to zero will make the rx reverts.

  function safeDecreaseAllowance(IERC20 token, address spender, uint256 requestedDecrease) internal {
    unchecked {
      uint256 currentAllowance = token.allowance(address(this), spender);
      if (currentAllowance < requestedDecrease) {
        revert SafeERC20FailedDecreaseAllowance(spender, currentAllowance, requestedDecrease);
      }
>>    forceApprove(token, spender, currentAllowance - requestedDecrease);
    }
  }
// -----------
  function forceApprove(IERC20 token, address spender, uint256 value) internal {
    bytes memory approvalCall = abi.encodeCall(token.approve, (spender, value));

1:  if (!_callOptionalReturnBool(token, approvalCall)) {
2:    _callOptionalReturn(token, abi.encodeCall(token.approve, (spender, 0)));
      _callOptionalReturn(token, approvalCall);
    }
  }

We forceApproving by subtracting requestedDecrease from currentAllowance which will end up approving to 0. so in 1: _callOptionalReturnBool will revert because of approving to 0 token, and we will make in 2: _callOptionalReturn() with 0 value approving which will also revert, reverting all the tx.

Since this method is fired in catch block all the tx will revert, as reverting in catch makes the tx reverts.

Reverting in performUpKeep() is not intended as these tokens are transferred to Reserve contract, and in case of one token failed because of slippage check, others should pass, so that other tokens don't get prevented from transferred to Reserve contract. and For ChainLink Automation to call performUpKeep() they take Link tokens from the Registey of the Forwarder address, so the Fees for executing as well as Fees for Automation is paid By the registry, making a loss to the Protocol Admins as well as positioning Payments to Service Providers.

Recommended mitigation steps

use try/catch for decrease Approval too, and in case of failure, you can decrease the amount approval by 1, to approve to a single wei instead of zero.

Links to affected code
SwapAutomator.sol#L596
Opens in a new window
Submissions touching same files
SwapAutomator.sol
View full submission
Comments for the judge
5
You are viewing comments for the primary submission, S-78.
Extra opinion
Edited: Feb 22
ZanyBonzy

@0xsomeone, I'm not trying to question your judgement or telling you how to do your work.

Bnb is not the only token that exhibits this behaviour, albeit it's the most popular. There are other lesser known tokens like QQT, JJX etc. And the protocol wants to work with any and all possible ERC20 tokens. Wardens do work based on the information provided in the readme.
The issue being looked into involves the token exhibiting the behaviour in scope. If tokens with low decimals are supported but not tokens that exhibit blocklisting behavious, issues from USDC/USDT are not automatically rejected because they exhibit blocklisiting behaviours, they are judged based on the low decimals property.
Nothing against the sponsor, but if the sponsor's judging comment contradicts what is specified in the readme, it should be on them, not the wardens, otherwise another can of worms related to validity of provided info will be opened.
_karanel
01/22/2025

Hey @ZanyBonzy, I hope you are aware new threads will be ignored!

Al-Qa-qa
OP
01/22/2025

Hi @_karanel

This is not a new thread, the submission mentioned this point.

This issue affects all tokens that revert on zero value approval, not only BNB, but we will talk about BNB as it is popular token.

_karanel
01/22/2025

Hey Al-Qa-qa,
I didn't mean the points mentioned are new. I meant for @ZanyBonzy to write a reply on the previous comments made by the judge or any other warden, rather than creating a new one as mentioned in the announcement.

Any further comments should be added to existing PJQA threads. New threads will be ignored.

Al-Qa-qa
OP
01/22/2025

Ahh got it.

Thanks for advising him, and sorry for the misunderstanding.

0xsomeone
01/22/2025

Hey @ZanyBonzy, thanks for your feedback! The concerns raised by your peers are correct, but I understand this is meant to be a continuation of the discussion above so I will proceed with a reply to it.

I am unsure where the protocol states that it wants to work with any and all ERC20s. The any aspect is invalid, as the in-scope documentation of the project directly outlines that:

Malicious token processing: all tokens will be vetted before onboarding them to the
system. Malicious tokens are not a concern. Due to all tokens being reviewed,
upgradability / pausability / blocklists / balance modifications / fee token transfers are out
of scope.

This is a word-for-word quote from the documentation, so the system does not want to work with any and all ERC20s. Instead, they will be carefully vetted before onboarding them.

The README file is not directly created by the Sponsor and is instead filled in with data from C4's forms. The Sponsor contradicting this file is a frequent occurrence, and does not play a role in an issue's validity. In this circumstance, the issue is deemed valid albeit of low severity.

When a contest is judged, a fine balance must be stricken between what constitutes a valid security output for the sponsor and what constitutes a valid finding for a warden. In this particular circumstance, I do not believe that the submission provides the sponsor with any useful insight as it denotes an extremely non-standard behavior that contradicts the EIP-20 specification's recommended integrations.

I also demonstrated that an aspect of the ERC20 token behaviors is invalid as the behavior outlined as per the standard is NOT an ERC20 behavior. We cannot call a token an ERC20 one if it does not satisfy the standard, and we cannot call a behavior ERC20-like if it contradicts the standard.

I understand BNB is the most popular token, but it is also the most likely to be included as a fee in the system due to how the CCIP system works. Tokens such as QQT, JJX, etc. are not going to be included as fees given that they do not provide meaningful stability or value to Chainlink operations for them to be considered valid fee tokens. This is the reasoning behind focusing on excluding BNB, which would be the strongest argument for such a token case.

cll_rayxpub
01/24/2025

Hey all,

First of all thank you for you submissions. Since this issue sparked a lot of discussion we wanted to give some additional feedback.

We do agree with the judge's classification as low severity here. We also recognize that there may be confusion in the documentation which is the reason why we acknowledged the issue and did not dispute it.

Even without considering the fact that such token would simply not be allowlisted after review, we fail to see how this can be a medium severity considering:

DoS vector: This would be a very short lived DoS considering that the we expect the swap parameters to be correctly set to minimize failures. Also, even if it were to happen, pool conditions would most likely change so that the swap could succeed in the following blocks (assuming sensible swap params) and if not, that means that a swap parameter update should be pushed regardless of the DoS so it wouldn't even be an overhead operationally.
Gas loss: This issue is very unlikely (not impossible) to result in gas loss as the performUpkeep function is simulated before execution.
PJQA | Validity Re-Instatement & Low Severity Justification
Edited: Feb 22
0xsomeone
Foreword

The wardens Al-Qa-qa and nuthaan2x have raised several concerns beyond PJQA outside the C4 platform regarding this particular exhibit. This prompted a close re-evaluation to ensure that C4 continues to adhere to a strict level of scrutiny regarding submission validity assessment. Note that the sponsor of the contest has effectively dismissed this risk as they do not plan on onboarding the BNB asset, so we will proceed with debating the issue's severity and validity within the context of C4.

Out-of-Platform Contacts

I do not believe it is wise to allow side channels to flourish as it places an undue burden on C4, and in general, will result in a net negative for the overall audit contest process.

On the other hand, I believe that a better dispute system (with cash incentives) should be implemented. Its absence leaves little room for wardens to properly contest their findings if they have strong objections, so I can understand the perspective of the wardens who reached out outside the C4 platform.

Ultimately, my request to close PJQA responses automatically after the PJQA period is over might have been wrong until such a system is in place as I do not wish for any questions to remain open. So from now on, I strongly advise wardens to continue to remain on-platform and will have the capability to do so for a longer period of time (at least in the contests I personally judge).

Issue Validity & Severity

The issue at hand relates to an approval of 0 failing rather than an approval of 0 being performed over an existing non-zero approval. This was a misunderstanding on my part during PJQA review, hence why the issue was invalidated erroneously during that period.

The issue described is practically valid as the BNB asset being listed as an allow-listed token that is consequently swapped via the SwapAutomator and fails to do so would result in a failure of the overall batch swap transaction.

If BNB was considered an explicitly supported asset, then I would gladly accept this submission as a valid medium-risk issue. The veracity of this submission lies in whether tokens that revert on a zero-value allowance are meant to be onboarded on the allow-list of the SwapAutomator.

In my personal opinion, I do not believe that such an inference is correct and I will visit each argument that supports this inference to outline why I believe so.

ERC-20 Token Behaviors In Scope

The C4 onboarding process involves a section of ERC-20 token behaviors that are in scope and are ultimately meant to aid Wardens in evaluating what types of submissions they should focus on and provide to the contest. Firstly, I would like to outline that the section by itself is incorrect demonstratively and, in my opinion, in two ways. The list of this contest (and similar Solidity contests) is as follows:

Question	Answer
Missing return values	In scope
Fee on transfer	Out of scope
Balance changes outside of transfers	Out of scope
Upgradeability	Out of scope
Flash minting	In scope
Pausability	Out of scope
Approval race protections	In scope
Revert on approval to zero address	In scope
Revert on zero value approvals	In scope
Revert on zero value transfers	In scope
Revert on transfer to the zero address	In scope
Revert on large approvals and/or transfers	In scope
Doesn't revert on failure	In scope
Multiple token addresses	Out of scope
Low decimals ( < 6)	In scope
High decimals ( > 18)	In scope
Blocklists	Out of scope

Focusing on the 10th entry in the list, we observe that it states Revert on zero value transfers. Any token that includes such behavior is per the EIP-20 standard itself NOT an EIP-20 token, so claiming that this is an ERC-20 behavior is an invalid statement as it breaks the standard (ref).

Focusing on the EIP-20 standard itself, we can also observe the following statement made in relation to the approve function:

NOTE: To prevent attack vectors like the one described here and discussed here, clients SHOULD make sure to create user interfaces in such a way that they set the allowance first to 0 before setting it to another value for the same spender. THOUGH The contract itself shouldn’t enforce it, to allow backwards compatibility with contracts deployed before

The EIP-20 standard advises that an approval of a non-zero value is preceded by an approval of 0 which is a behavior inherently incompatible with tokens that would revert on an approval of 0.

Beyond the above point, the main candidate for an allow-list inclusion would be the BNB asset that reverts on an approval of 0. In general, reverts on approval of 0 are extremely rare (I am more than happy to be refuted on this point) so I do not believe that there is any other likely candidate for the allow-list inclusions.

The BNB asset presently supports both blocklists and balance changes outside of transfers per the list shared above, so by the contest's own description it would be considered out-of-scope. In detail:

Question	Answer	BNB Implementation
Balance changes outside of transfers	Out of scope	The BNB token supports burn operations which per the definition fall in this category
Blocklists	Out of scope	The BNB token implements freezing and unfreezing of accounts (reduction of their balances) which can be interpreted as a blocklist but definitely falls under the previous category

The two token behaviors above effectively exclude the BNB asset as a candidate for the allow-list and render any arguments that utilize it out-of-scope in the same fashion that we would consider reverts on approval of 0 to be in scope.

Chainlink PDF Documentation

Another piece of documentation that could be utilized to argue the issue's validity/severity is the Chainlink documentation itself. Although it does not contain many explicit pieces of information in relation to the assets listed in the allow-list, a single statement stands out close to the PDF's end:

Malicious token processing: all tokens will be vetted before onboarding them to the
system. Malicious tokens are not a concern. Due to all tokens being reviewed,
upgradability / pausability / blocklists / balance modifications / fee token transfers are out
of scope.

The statement itself is slightly ambiguous as it states "malicious tokens" yet describes behaviors of honest tokens that would simply be incompatible. While we could infer that the token review refers to incompatible tokens rather than malicious ones, I will consider this inference invalid for the sake of this discussion.

The statement by itself upholds the "Out-of-Scope" attributions in the README file's list of behaviors but does not affect the "In Scope" attributions as they are not explicitly marked as supported. Hence, the interpretation laid out in the previous chapter continues to remain true.

Middle Ground

In the chapters that precede this one, I have laid out why the BNB asset is an invalid recommendation and that the assets in the allow-list are not going to implement the token behavior that is considered in-scope which would normally merit an invalidation. Despite this, I do not wish to disrupt the C4 status quo and will consider this submission as:

"Valid" in the sense that it is outlined in the documentation and thus advised to be reported
"Low Severity" in the sense that its likelihood is extremely low (effectively zero)
Conclusion

If we analyze this item from a code perspective, it is a finding that can trivially be detected and had been detected during the C4 bot races. It does not involve any intricacies, does not consume significant time to pinpoint, and is a matter of C4's rulesets rather than an active security recommendation to the sponsor.

This particular submission stems from an extreme token behavior that needs to be accommodated via gas-intensive mechanisms and triggers under a variety of conditions that are ultimately not met in Chainlink. The maximum impact would be a transaction failure rather than a token skip whenever a revert-on-zero-approval asset is meant to be swapped, and it would not cause the contract to cease operations.

Arguments around sandwich attacks to force the conditions for the revert to occur to manifest are null given that the underlying assets always remain accessible and performing such an attack would involve significant fees with the maximum impact being gas expenditure for the forwarder.

In my personal opinion, the submission is invalid albeit its invalidation might be controversial when judged from a C4 perspective. In light of this, I have proceeded with re-instating a "Valid" ruling and do not anticipate its severity rating to change.

Al-Qa-qa
OP
Edited: 01/22/2025

Regarding the issue, to not extend the words, they mentioned that this behaviour in-scope. and my issue is taking about the behaviour

This issue affects all tokens that revert on zero value approval, not only BNB, but we will talk about BNB as it is popular token

The readme mentioned

tokens in/out scope
ERC20 tokens
Malicious tokens and mentioned some

To not translate words ourselves, we can ask sponser and rely on them we can simply till them what then meant when putting approve to zero revert as in-scope. even if they mentioned there test will ignore them. we will rely on there trust for saying what they meant by that line.

=============

BNB tokens is not a blacklisted token freezing is not blacklisted, users can freeze tokens and unfreeze them themselves.

etherscan::BNB

	function freeze(uint256 _value) returns (bool success) {
        if (balanceOf[msg.sender] < _value) throw;            // Check if the sender has enough
		if (_value <= 0) throw; 
        balanceOf[msg.sender] = SafeMath.safeSub(balanceOf[msg.sender], _value);                      // Subtract from the sender
        freezeOf[msg.sender] = SafeMath.safeAdd(freezeOf[msg.sender], _value);                                // Updates totalSupply
        Freeze(msg.sender, _value);
        return true;
    }
	function unfreeze(uint256 _value) returns (bool success) {
        if (freezeOf[msg.sender] < _value) throw;            // Check if the sender has enough
		if (_value <= 0) throw; 
        freezeOf[msg.sender] = SafeMath.safeSub(freezeOf[msg.sender], _value);                      // Subtract from the sender
		balanceOf[msg.sender] = SafeMath.safeAdd(balanceOf[msg.sender], _value);
        Unfreeze(msg.sender, _value);
        return true;
    }

The in/out-scope is the behavior, the tests for the Gateway uses USDC token, and it supports blacklisting as well as minting, but they used it testing and will support it. we are depending on the behaviors that are inscope the token can subject to behavior out of scope but gets added, We always used to understand ERC20 behavior not tokens, even the title proves this -> ERC20 token behaviors, behaviors not tokens.

For the impact, This is a loss to the Protocol, Swapping tokens in Uniswap consumes gas as well as ChainLink Automation fees, single swap can cost up to 150K gas and can increase for multi pathes swaps (We are on Ethereum), if swapping 6 tokens and the 6th token was a BNB the Protoocl will lose, in addition to this, the perform, should success if the swap fails this is why we use try/catch from the first place. So it is mismatch of the function's intended purpose as it is designed to not revert when swap fails but will fail.

0xsomeone
01/22/2025

Hey @Al-Qa-qa, thank you for your feedback! The statement "outside the C4 platform" includes Discord, helpdesk requests, and similar avenues as the C4 platform is the one we are conversing currently in. The PJQA guidelines have since been clarified directly on Discord. I was informed that you did reach out via one of those means from C4 staff, so please let me know if this is incorrect and I will edit my original comment. Otherwise, please rectify your response.

The Sponsor already provided a response in this thread which states:

ABTs will be thoroughly reviewed/tested before being listed, revert on approve 0 tokens like BNB will therefore not be listed.

Therefore, the Sponsor has clarified that they do not plan on accepting revert-on-approval-of-0 tokens. As such, the submission is invalid from the Sponsor's PoV. I contradicted this PoV and stated that it is valid albeit of low severity to ensure that I comply with the C4 status-quo that the README scope has merit.

Regarding the point about an ERC20 token behavior, a token behavior that contradicts the ERC20 standard and would cause the token to no longer be an ERC20 token cannot be an ERC20 token behavior. My criticism about reverting to zero-value transfers remains valid. In relation to reverting on an approval of 0, the ERC20 standard itself advises integrators to perform an approval of 0 prior to an approval of a non-zero value.

As far as the impact is concerned, one-time gas impact of a varying amount would result that is at most 5_000_000 gas units. As such, this cannot be considered a severe impact or one of moderate severity.

All arguments point towards the exhibit being considered either invalid or of low severity overall, and I believe that the current ruling is fair when everything is taken into account.

nuthan2x
01/22/2025

Judge @0xSomeone,
From your POV, you are thinking that sponsor is saying tokens like BNB that revert on 0 approval will never be added, so invalid. Since readme says it to be In scope, so after PJQA you are ruling it to be valid but a low finding.

I am standing on @ZanyBonzy's point. but if the sponsor's judging comment contradicts what is specified in the readme, it should be on them, not the wardens, otherwise another can of worms related to validity of provided info will be opened.

Regarding the impact, perform upkeep is a important part of system, so DOSing it is a medium impact. Sponsor did acknowledge it. if it were low, he wold have said it like he mentioned on all other issues.

Last request : please get sponsor @cll_rayxpub's word on @Al-Qa-qa's point
To not translate words ourselves, we can ask sponser and rely on them we can simply till them what then meant when putting approve to zero revert as in-scope. even if they mentioned there test will ignore them. we will rely on there trust for saying what they meant by that line.

Sponsors know about the issue with do not plan on accepting revert-on-approval-of-0 tokens only because of our submitted issues right ?
Or else they would have made Revert on zero value approvals to be Out of scope in that readme table.

Al-Qa-qa
OP
01/22/2025

0xsomeone

Thanks for clarifying, I deleted them. I though Help Disk is not out side, and you mean DMs.

for the issue, We (wardens) informed that this is inscope and then Sponser in PJQA mentioned these token behaviours are not supported.

I agree that Sponser will not support the token, but README says it is supported. I can refer to similar issues that was a mistake in Readme from sponsor side and got accepted, after all this is not our fault.

0xsomeone
Edited: 01/23/2025

Hey @nuthan2x and @Al-Qa-qa, thank you for your comments!

@Al-Qa-qa

The token behaviors listed are considered in-scope; a particular token being in-scope does not mean that any vulnerability related to it is automatically a medium or high-severity vulnerability. If I considered such tokens out-of-scope, I would have issued the relevant Out-of-Scope evaluation tag.

Instead, what I have been advocating in the discussion is that this submission cannot be considered a valid HM vulnerability as it does not comprise one. I do not believe that the submission provides any meaningful insight into this particular audit contest,

If the token behavior was listed as in-scope within the Sponsor's own documentation, I would have considered this issue valid. The ERC20 Token Behaviors In Scope section of the README file is not directly written by the Sponsors and is instead generated from a feedback form; I do not believe it has the same standing as the Sponsor's own documentation (which would have rendered this submission as valid) and I have demonstrated that it also contains provable inaccuracies as well as clauses that would render a huge portion of ERC-20 tokens out-of-scope, including tokens that have explicitly been set as supported by the Sponsor.

I have extensively debated this particular issue and consider my ruling to be balanced; I did not consider it out-of-scope or invalidate it but instead assigned it a low-risk rating as the vulnerability will never manifest. If the Sponsor confirmed this submission, outlined this behavior in their documentation, or did not contradict the ERC20 token behaviors in scope via the tokens they intend to support, I would have considered this issue valid.

The contradiction of the ERC20 token behaviors in scope with the codebase of the Sponsor could be observed during the contest's runtime so assuming that the ERC20 token behaviors in scope is 100% accurate is incorrect. The in-scope Payment Abstraction documentation denotes that the system and specifically the SwapAutomator is meant to be compatible with the USDC token even though it supports blacklists. This is further reinforced by the code's test files.

@nuthan2x

I explained that the README was not what caused this submission to be considered valid again; the submission was valid at the start of PJQA, invalidated during it, and re-validated when I created this thread and none of these actions were caused by a re-evaluation of the README file. I implore you to revisit all discussions on this issue to get a better grasp of what has been debated thus far.

Conclusion

I would like to remind everyone that wardens should be operating in good faith rather than trying to utilize the rules of C4 and its contests for their own personal gain. The output of a C4 contest should ultimately result in a security benefit for the blockchain community as well as the entity that sponsored the contest. In this particular case, I do not believe we are arguing this submission in good faith, and we are instead trying to set a common static analyzer output as a medium-severity vulnerability.

I appreciate the effort put into creating the submission, however, I am confident it far exceeds the time that has been invested in arguing it. I will conclude by saying that the Sponsor did not acquire any unique insight from it, and the submission itself is not highly complex but rather a typical output of most static analyzers from C4's bot era. I consider this ruling to be an exception rather than the rule, and each judge should continue applying their own discretion in evaluating similar submissions.

PJQA | Disagree With Severity
Edited: Feb 22
Al-Qa-qa
OP

The Sponser acknowledged the issue, but didn't disagree with its severity.

F-20, which is accepted Medium, the Sponser replied with the same words (This check will be made offchain, and mentioned he sees it a Low severity issue, and it is an accepted Medium).

The README mentioned there system supports tokens approving to 0 revert. So this tokens should work. If offchain will exclude them. Then the issue remains, as the Sponser mentioned there system should support these tokens. The README is the thing we return to it. any additional info in Escalations mentioned by the Sponser should not be used to determine issues validity.

0xsomeone
01/19/2025

Hey @Al-Qa-qa, thank you for your PJQA contribution! This scenario cannot occur, as the allowances are always configured from a zero-value state to a non-zero one and back to a zero-value state. These types of allowance changes are supported by tokens that revert on zero-value approvals because they revert solely when an existing non-zero approval value is detected.

should be medium
Edited: Feb 22
nuthan2x

Hi judge,

Sponsor says ABTs will be listed only after testing for issues like this. But, these tokens were in scope for this audit.
And this issue and dupes has let sponsors know that BNB like tokens to not be listed.

And the sponsor has acknowledged this with medium tag itself. Didn't explicitly mention to be a low unlike other issues.

Thanks

0xsomeone
01/19/2025

Hey @nuthan2x, thank you for your PJQA contribution! This scenario cannot occur, as the allowances are always configured from a zero-value state to a non-zero one and back to a zero-value state. These types of allowance changes are supported by tokens that revert on zero-value approvals because they revert solely when an existing non-zero approval value is detected.

valid
Edited: Feb 22
KingNFT

BNB chain is supported by CCIP, the situation might occur

cll_rayxpub
01/10/2025

Fix would require either to reimplement the safeDecreaseAllowance to add a try catch{} on the approve call or create an external safeDecreaseAllowance which would increase gas. ABTs will be thoroughly reviewed/tested before being listed, revert on approve 0 tokens like BNB will therefore not be listed.

Duplicates
2
S-307
Temporary DOS to `perform Upkeep` by a token in scope that `Reverts on Zero Value Approvals`
nuthan2x
52
S-413
Try-catch mechanism may break for certain tokens
XYSecurity
00
Timeline
Submitted
Created: 522d ago
Medium
Triage
Medium
Valid
Primary
Sufficient
Review
Informative
Judging
Low
Valid
Sufficient
Post-judging QA
Complete
Reporting
Complete