News

Leaderboard

Submissions

Explore C4

Audits

Bounties

Reports

Support

Resources

Docs

Terms

Privacy

saraswati
Submissions
MANTRA Chain
/
F-36
Low
Primary
S-144
Bug in skip-mev Connect affecting correct prices on Mantra
0x41
00
Sufficient
383d ago

Note: The bug is not in Mantra itself, but skip-mev. However, it can lead to wrong prices on Mantra. Therefore, the following from the README seems to apply:

However, if the issue arise from the custom code we made on our cosmos-sdk, or if the issues are directly affecting behavior of our custom modules, or if our custom modules are causing issues in the base cosmos modules (includes cosmwasm and IBC) then they should be included in the scope.

Finding description and impact

oracle.go integrates the connect oracle from skip-mev. This oracle has various providers and integration options such as Invert (to invert the price before returning), which Mantra may use (and currently does for some feeds). The inversion in connect happens within GetProviderPrice when returning the price. However, the Uniswap provider (which can and may be used by Mantra) has a bug: It also inverts the price when the option is set. It is the only provider to do so and the price is therefore inverted twice for this provider, i.e. it is not inverted at all. This leads to completely wrong prices when this provider is used.

Recommended mitigation steps

Fix the bug upstream or create your own fork where the inversion is only done once for the Uniswap provider (i.e. remove the inversion logic there).

Links to affected code
oracle.go#L22
Opens in a new window
Submissions touching same files
oracle.go
Comments for the judge
3
You are viewing comments for the primary submission, S-144.
Judging
Edited: Feb 22
3docSec

While I do consider this a valid submission, I didn't find proof that the code in scope is actually using the faulty feature, also as outlined by the warden:

Uniswap provider (which can and may be used by Mantra)

Not Valid
Edited: Feb 22
mantra_lance

Our current OM/USD market map is here https://api.mantrachain.io/connect/marketmap/v2/market?currency_pair.Base=OM&currency_pair.Quote=USD

It relies on central exchange only. In fact all our price feeds only use central exchange data as of now and these price feeds are also unused (not integrated to any DApps)

Will take note if we were to incorporate uniswap as a price source next time.

Validator's comment during triage
Edited: Feb 22
3docSec

Looks valid

Timeline
Submitted
Created: 510d ago
Medium
Triage
Medium
Valid
Primary
Sufficient
Review
Informative
Judging
Low
Valid
Sufficient
Post-judging QA
Complete
Reporting
Complete